---
id: 1044
title: A dark day
date: 2005-11-08T22:32:15+00:00
author: tsykoduk
layout: post
guid: 30/2008/12/27/a-dark-day
permalink: /2005/11/08/a-dark-day/
categories:
  - Philosophy! and Politics!
  - Science!
---
<blockquote>...the Kansas Board of Education approved new public-school science standards Tuesday that cast doubt on the theory of evolution.

	<p>The 6-4 vote was a victory for 'intelligent design” advocates who helped draft the standards. Intelligent design holds that the universe is so complex that it must have been created by a higher power...</p>


	<p>...In addition, the board rewrote the definition of science, so that it is no longer limited to the search for natural explanations of phenomena.</blockquote></p>


	<p>-<a href="http://msnbc.msn.com/id/9967813/"><span class="caps">MSNBC</span></a></p>


	<p>This is one of the reasons that I fear Christianity as it is practiced in America, especially by the far right conservative movement. As a Religion, it seems bent on legislating it's point of view. Forcing everyone to agree with them. Abolishing freedom of religion and choice.</p>


	<p>Some in this country seem to wish nothing more then to take away the freedom of choice that they believe God himself gave to us. Now they want to even change our definition of science? I have no problem with ID being taught in school - as a religious theory, in a religion class. Science and religion are two very different things, and should be treated as such.</p>


	<p>Our schools should be a place where our young are taught to think and to reason. If religion is to be taught, then all of them should be explored. Christianity, Wicca, Buddhism and the rest. However, it is my opinion that Religion should not be taught in schools at all. That is best left to the parents.</p>


	<p>Everyone should have the freedom to raise their children as they see fit. Even Christian fundamentalists.</p>


	<p><em>Update: and from the picture on the linked article, they use Dells. :( </em></p>