---
id: 84
title: Uncleanable spyware??
date: 2005-02-18T19:01:00+00:00
author: tsykoduk
layout: post
guid: 30/2008/12/27/uncleanable-spyware
permalink: /2005/02/18/uncleanable-spyware/
categories:
  - Computers! and Code!
---
<p>From <a href=http://it.slashdot.org/it/05/02/18/1920244.shtml?tid=201&#38;tid=218>Slashdot</a>:<br /><br /><blockquote>The Inquirer has a story that the next generation of Windows spyware and exploits are starting to make use of 'kernel rootkits'. A paper at Microsoft Research has details on a prototype detection tool. Computerworld has more details, as well. From the article: 'Newer rootkits can intercept system calls that are passed to the kernel and filter out queries generated by the software. This makes them invisible to administrators and to detection tools...'</blockquote><br /><br />When are people going to wake up? The era of Windows as we know it is over. There is a race between the hackers and Microsoft, and Microsoft simply cannot keep up. So, I am going to buy a new computer. If I choose Windows, I have to also buy a virus scanner and a spyware scanner, and oh by the way, I might want to buy Office, and a backup program that works, and and and and...<br /><br />From an administrators standpoint, it is suicide to install windows. You simply <b>have</b> to install <span class="caps">SUS</span> or <span class="caps">WUS</span> (the <span class="caps">WUS</span> beta currently out requires a connection to a Microsoft <span class="caps">SQL</span> server), and it's a really good idea to install a centrally controlled workstation firewall, and virus scanner, and spyware scanner, and software inventory and control agent and and and...<br /><br />And yet people still recoil from the Mac, Linux and <span class="caps">BSD</span>. Why? Because 'they are not windows'. So, they spend and spend on all of the supporting infrastructure that running a somewhat secure Windows network requires.<br /><br />Here is a road map to the future for all of you companies stuck in the windows quagmire.<br /><br />1) Get all of you apps running on standards based web platforms (<i>ie</i> no ActiveX, VBScript etc). Use <span class="caps">PHP</span>, MySql and write to <span class="caps">HTML</span> specs.<br /><br />2) The apps that you cannot port to a N-Tier based architecture, get them running using a cross-platform coding tool (Mono w/ <span class="caps">GTK</span>, QT, or what have you).<br /><br />3) Swap out your applications with cross platform ones - ie use Firefox or Mozilla instead of IE. Use Open Office/Star Office instead of Microsoft Office. As your users become used to these tools, it will be trivial to swap out the underlying OS. Most might not even notice.<br /><br />4) Start moving your people to some thing else. - Move the light users first - the ones that only use word, email, and a browser. Power Users can come later. Choose something that keeps your options open - and provides real security.<br /><br />5) Sleep better at night knowing that you have a safer, more secure network.<br /><br />If you need help, email me :)<br /><br /><br />-Tsyko</p>