---
id: 808
title: 'Inside Microsoft&#039;s Zotob Situation Room'
date: 2005-08-26T16:45:23+00:00
author: tsykoduk
layout: post
guid: 30/2008/12/27/inside-microsoft-s-zotob-situation-room
permalink: /2005/08/26/inside-microsoft-s-zotob-situation-room/
categories:
  - Computers! and Code!
---
<blockquote>When Microsoft Corp. shipped the <span class="caps">MS05</span>-039 bulletin on Aug. 9 to patch a "critical" flaw in the Windows Plug and Play service, there was general feeling of trepidation within the Microsoft Security Response Center.</blockquote>

<p>-<a href="http://www.eweek.com/article2/0,1895,1852594,00.asp">Inside Microsoft's Zotob Situation Room</a> by eWeek</p>


<p>What amazes me, is how much work is generated by this kind of event. I know that it impacted my work week significantly. Microsoft has made some large claims about the security of Windows Vista - honestly I hope that they are at least half true.</p>


<p>The problem is that folks are getting sick of the upgrade cycle. I for one, want a machine that is going to do what I need for the next couple of years. I do not want to have a pay $$ for a new machine to run a new OS every few years - and I doubt that any enterprises will either.</p>


<p>Another problem is that folks look at Windows 98, 2000, and XP (or what ever is installed on their machines) and they think that it's good enough. Why pay through the nose for a new OS that might or might now have any new features that are actually needed?</p>


<p>In my never-so humble opinion, we are going to see a great slow down on upgrading. There is going to come a time when a 1/2 gigahertz jump in processor speed and some new glitzy featurette in the OS will not cause people to buy new computers.</p>


<p>Would you buy a new refrigerator if it got 3 degrees colder inside? Computing is going to become an integral part of life - it's going to be like the toaster. It just will work, and be tied into our entertainment, communications and lives in ways that we cannot dream right now.</p>