---
id: 710
title: Mixtapes and Musical Tastes
date: 2009-05-27T23:49:00+00:00
author: tsykoduk
layout: post
guid: https://greg.nokes.name/?p=710
permalink: /2009/05/27/mixtapes/
categories:
  - Fun!
  - Mundane
description: "A personal journey through mixtape creation from turntables to iTunes, featuring eclectic music collections spanning industrial, metal, and alternative genres from 2006-2007."
---
One of the things I have done for a long time is create what the cool kids today call mixtapes. I used to use a turntable and cassette recorder, now days I use iTunes to burn CD’s for the truck. I usally do one every year or so, and I thought that I’d toss some out there for posterity’s sake.

<!--more-->

<strong>Driven Wit Da Dukk I (2006ish?)</strong>
<ol>
	<li>Vogue, <span class="caps">KMFDM</span>, Vogue / Sex on the Flag (Single)</li>
	<li>Dragula, Rob Zombie, Hellbilly Deluxe</li>
	<li>Under The Gun [Jutland mix], The Sisters Of Mercy, Under The Gun</li>
	<li>These Boots Are Made For Walkin’ (Bombs Remix), <span class="caps">KMFDM</span>, Boots</li>
	<li>Can You Feel The Passion (Palladium Mix), Blue Pearl, Rave ‘Til Dawn</li>
	<li>Startin’ Up a Posse, Anthrax, Attack of the Killer B’s</li>
	<li>Get Out Of My Head, <span class="caps">MDFMK</span>, MDFMK</li>
	<li>Business, Eminem, The Eminem Show</li>
	<li>Glory (Cajun Dub), <span class="caps">KMFDM</span>, Glory</li>
	<li>Thunder Kiss ‘65 (The Remix That Wouldn’t Die Mix), <span class="caps">KMFDM</span>, Nightcrawlers: The <span class="caps">KMFDM</span> Remixes</li>
	<li>Torpedoes, <span class="caps">MDFMK</span>, MDFMK</li>
	<li>If I Ever Leave This World Alive, Flogging Molly, Drunken Lullabies</li>
	<li>Jesus Built My Hotrod, Ministry, Psalm 69</li>
	<li>Megalomaniac (Tvva), Mix By DJ Talla 2xlc</li>
	<li><span class="caps">RAPPERS WE CRUSH</span> (FEAT. <span class="caps">MC FRONTALOT</span>), <span class="caps">KOMPRESSOR</span>, KOMPRESSORMUSIK</li>
	<li>Firestarter (Prodigy), South Park (Cartman)</li>
</ol>
<strong> Driven Wit Da Dukk II (2007?)</strong>
<ol>
	<li>Wherever I May Roam, Metallica, Metallica</li>
	<li>Wake Me Up When September Ends, Green Day, American Idiot</li>
	<li>Take On Me, A-Ha, Chart Toppers Dance hits of the 80s</li>
	<li>Witch Hunt, <span class="caps">MDFMK</span>, MDFMK</li>
	<li>Smile (Radio Edit), Lily Allen, Smile – Single of the Week</li>
	<li><span class="caps">RAPPERS WE CRUSH</span> (FEAT. <span class="caps">MC FRONTALOT</span>), <span class="caps">KOMPRESSOR</span>, KOMPRESSORMUSIK</li>
	<li>Crazy, Gnarls Barkley,    St. Elsewhere</li>
	<li>Jump In My Car, David Hasselhoff, Jump In My Car – Single</li>
	<li>So Fresh, So Clean, OutKast, Stankonia</li>
	<li>Rich Girl, Gwen Stefani &amp; Eve, Love, Angel, Music, Baby</li>
	<li>When You Don’t See Me, The Sisters Of Mercy, Vision Thing</li>
	<li>Bring the Noise, Anthrax, Attack of the Killer B’s</li>
	<li>Brass Monkey, Beastie Boys, Licensed To Ill</li>
	<li>We Didn’t Start the Fire, Billy Joel, Billy Joel: Greatest Hits</li>
	<li>Stare At The Sun, <span class="caps">MDFMK</span>, MDFMK</li>
	<li>Break My Stride, Matthew Wilder, Modern Rock</li>
	<li>(Go to) California, Rob Zombie    , The Sinister Urge</li>
</ol>
<strong>Driven Wit Da Dukk <span class="caps">III</span> (2008)</strong>
<ol>
	<li>Get the Party Started, Pink, M!ssundaztood</li>
	<li>Hard Target, 今堀恒雄, Trigun Spicy Stewed Donut</li>
	<li>Mirrorshades, We Don’t Take, Information Society, Hack</li>
	<li>One Bourbon, One Scotch, One Beer, George Thorogood, Greatest Hits</li>
	<li>(Go to) California, Rob Zombie, The Sinister Urge</li>
	<li>The Devil’s Rejects, Rob Zombie, Educated Horses</li>
	<li>Stare At The Sun, <span class="caps">MDFMK</span>, MDFMK</li>
	<li>Holy Diver, Dio, Holy Diver</li>
	<li>Urban Monkey Warfare, <span class="caps">KMFDM</span>, Attak</li>
	<li>Goodnight Julia, The Seatbelts, The Complete Cowboy</li>
	<li>Sasurai no Cowboy, Ein, The Complete Cowboy Bebop</li>
	<li>The Real Folk Blues, The Seatbelts, Cowboy Bebop – Vitaminless</li>
	<li>My Dads Gone Crazy, Eminem, The Eminem Show</li>
	<li>Megalomaniac, <span class="caps">KMFDM</span>, Symbols</li>
	<li>Crazy Train, Ozzy Osbourne, The Essential Ozzy Osbourne</li>
	<li>Rainbow In The Dark, Dio, Holy Diver</li>
	<li>Moving in Stereo, The Cars, Complete Greatest Hits</li>
	<li>Crazy Train, Ozzy Osbourne, The Essential Ozzy Osbourne</li>
</ol>
<strong>Driven Wit Da Dukk IV (5/2009)</strong>
<ol>
	<li>Muppets Theme, <span class="caps">KMFDM</span></li>
	<li>Hey Hey, My My (Into the Black), Neil Young, Rust Never Sleeps</li>
	<li>Antigeist, <span class="caps">SKOLD</span> vs. <span class="caps">KMFDM</span>, SKOLD vs. <span class="caps">KMFDM</span></li>
	<li>Empire, Queensrÿche,Queensrÿche: Greatest Hits</li>
	<li>Dogma, <span class="caps">KMFDM</span>, XTORT</li>
	<li>Rainbow In the Dark, Dio, Holy Diver</li>
	<li>Love Is Like, <span class="caps">SKOLD</span> vs. <span class="caps">KMFDM</span>, SKOLD vs. <span class="caps">KMFDM</span></li>
	<li>Jet City Woman, Queensrÿche, Queensrÿche: Greatest Hits    Rock</li>
	<li>Error 404, <span class="caps">SKOLD</span> vs. <span class="caps">KMFDM</span>, SKOLD vs. <span class="caps">KMFDM</span></li>
	<li>All Along the Watchtower, Bob Dylan, The Essential Bob Dylan</li>
	<li>(Symbol), <span class="caps">KMFDM</span>, Blitz (Deluxe Edition)</li>
	<li>Invisible, Dio, Holy Diver</li>
	<li>Ready To Blow, <span class="caps">KMFDM</span>, Hau Ruck</li>
	<li>Silent Lucidity, Queensrÿche, Queensrÿche: Greatest Hits</li>
	<li>A Common Enemy, <span class="caps">SKOLD</span> vs. <span class="caps">KMFDM</span>, SKOLD vs. <span class="caps">KMFDM</span></li>
	<li>My My, Hey Hey (Out of the Blue), Neil Young, Rust Never Sleeps</li>
</ol>