---
id: 1040
title: Top Songs
date: 2013-06-12T20:57:11+00:00
author: tsykoduk
layout: post
guid: https://greg.nokes.name/?p=1040
permalink: /2013/06/12/top-songs/
categories:
  - Mundane
tags:
  - metadata
  - weird
excerpt_separator:  <!--more-->
description: "Discover how to use iTunes metadata to find your most played songs that you never skip. Learn to create smart playlists and analyze your music listening habits over 5+ years."
---
One of the interesting things about using a tool like iTunes for a long time (over 5 years for me) is that you can build up a lot of metadata around your use of that tool. In iTunes there are really two pieces of metadata that are interesting to me - the number of times that I have skipped a song and the number of times that I have played a song. I've used the smart playlists feature for several years to surface interesting songs that have not been played in a while or other such neat stuff.

Today I wanted to find something - what were my most played songs? Well, there were a few in there that were not my favorite songs for sure. So I went ahead and added in a new search criteria - most played song that I had not skipped.
<!--more-->
And here is the list of songs, artists and number of plays recorded:

<ul>

	<li>Hometown Glory (Radio Edit) by ADELE, 56 Plays</li>

	<li>Factory Girls by Flogging Molly &amp; Lucinda Williams, 51 Plays</li>

	<li>Error 404 by Skold Vs. KMFDM, 41 Plays</li>

	<li>Magpie by The Mountain Goats, 39 Plays</li>

	<li>Beautiful Gas Mask by The Mountain Goats, 34 Plays</li>

	<li>Hast Thou Considered the Tetrapod by The Mountain Goats, 33 Plays</li>

	<li>Ever After by KGC, 32 Plays</li>

	<li>Lawyers, Guns And Money by Warren Zevon, 32 Plays</li>

	<li>Antigeist by Skold Vs. KMFDM, 31 Plays</li>

	<li>Stare At The Sun by MDFMK, 31 Plays</li>

	<li>Feel Good Inc. by Gorillaz, 30 Plays</li>

	<li>Heaven by The Talking Heads, 29 Plays</li>

	<li>Hall of the Mountain King by Apocalyptica, 28 Plays</li>

	<li>Firestarter by Prodigy, 25 Plays</li>

	<li>This Year by The Mountain Goats, 25 Plays</li>

	<li>Floating Angels by Kidneythieves, 24 Plays</li>

	<li>Heretic Pride by The Mountain Goats, 24 Plays</li>

	<li>San Bernardino by The Mountain Goats, 24 Plays</li>

	<li>The Worst Day Since Yesterday by Flogging Molly, 24 Plays</li>

	<li>When Worlds Collide by Powerman 5000, 23 Plays</li>

	<li>Autoclave by The Mountain Goats, 22 Plays</li>

	<li>Damn These Vampires by The Mountain Goats, 22 Plays</li>

	<li>Fear by Lucia, 22 Plays</li>

	<li>From Out of Nowhere by Apocalyptica, 22 Plays</li>

	<li>None Shall Pass by Aesop Rock, 22 Plays</li>

</ul>

I find it really interesting that a band that I only found a year and a half ago absolutely dominates this list. Several of my "favorite" groups are missing, and what the hell, Adele is the top listened song? How did that happen?